Authorization: add a dry run option (#4079)
apollographql/router: .changesets/feat_geal_authz_dry_run.md

### Authorization: dry run option ([Issue #3843](https://github.com/apollographql/router/issues/3843))

> It is now possible to execute authorization directives without modifying the query, but still returning the list of affected paths in the response. This allows testing authorization without breaking existing traffic

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is now possible to execute authorization directives without modifying the query, but still return the list of affected paths as top-level errors in the response. This allows testing authorization without breaking existing traffic.
```
